Blog post: Jenkins Contributor Summit (FOSDEM) (#6828)
jenkins-infra/jenkins.io: content/blog/2023/11/2023-11-10-Jenkins-Contributor-Summit-in-Brussels.adoc

---
layout: post
title: "Jenkins Contributor Summit in Brussels"
tags:
- events
- community
- contribute
author: jmMeessen
opengraph:
  image: /images/hacktoberfest/hacktoberfest_2023_social_600x300.png
---

We are happy to announce that we will hold a **Jenkins Contributor Summit** in Brussels prior to FOSDEM. 

link:https://fosdem.org/2024/[FOSDEM] is a free event for software developers to meet, share ideas and collaborate. 
Every year, thousands of developers of free and open source software from all over the world gather at the event in Brussels. 
It takes place on Saturday 3 & Sunday 4 February 2024.

== What is a Jenkins Contributor Summit?**
The Jenkins Contributor Summit brings together current and future contributors to the Jenkins project. 
At this event  we will talk about the current state of the project and its future evolution. 
It is a great opportunity to meet "in real life" fellow actors of the Jenkins community.

> It is a day's event (10h00 to 17h00) with presentations on the "State of Jenkins", Project/SIG updates, and various key projects as well as "Ignite Talks" or demos.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is a day-long event (from 10:00 AM to 5:00 PM) featuring presentations on the "State of Jenkins", Project/SIG updates, discussions on various key projects, "Ignite Talks", and demos.
```

Author: Thank you. I agree with most suggestion but not the time format. The event takes place in Europe (even England uses 24h time format) and FOSDEM time related announcements are in 24h format.

Don't hesitate to reach out (see contact section) if you want to submit a presentation, a talk, or a demo.

== Key Dates:
* **Jenkins Contributor Summit:** Friday 2 February 2024
* **FOSDEM:** Saturday 3 and Sunday 4 February 2024

== Location:

> * _Betacowork, Rue des Pères Blancs 4, 1040 Brussels, Belgium_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* _Betacowork, located at Rue des Pères Blancs 4, 1040 Brussels, Belgium_
```

> (It is easily reachable from downtown Brussels or the FOSDEM venue.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(Easily accessible from downtown Brussels or the FOSDEM venue.)
```

== Entry Fee:

> * No cost to attend

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* No cost to attend.
```

* Registration will be required (room capacity: 30). 
* Event is in-person only.
* No catering is foreseen but food can be purchased in the neighborhood.

== Contact

> * link:https://www.jenkins.io/sigs/advocacy-and-outreach/[SIG - Advocacy & Outreach]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* link:/sigs/advocacy-and-outreach/[SIG - Advocacy & Outreach]
```

Author: Forgot that one.

- community
- contribute
author: jmMeessen
opengraph:
  image: /images/post-images/2023/11/ContribSummit/Contributor_summit_2024.png
---

We are happy to announce that we will hold a **Jenkins Contributor Summit** in Brussels prior to FOSDEM. 

image:/images/post-images/2023/11/ContribSummit/Jenkins_desk.jpg[Contributor Summit Desk,float=center]

image:/images/post-images/2023/11/ContribSummit/fosdem.videobox.logo.svg[image,width=200,float=right,role=center]

link:https://fosdem.org/2024/[FOSDEM] is a free event for software developers to meet, share ideas and collaborate. 
Every year, thousands of developers of free and open source software from all over the world gather at the event in Brussels. 
It takes place on Saturday 3 & Sunday 4 February 2024.

== What is a Jenkins Contributor Summit?

image:/images/post-images/2023/11/ContribSummit/image.jpg[image,width=300,float=right,role=center]

The Jenkins Contributor Summit brings together current and future contributors to the Jenkins project. 
At this event  we will talk about the current state of the project and its future evolution. 
It is a great opportunity to meet "in real life" fellow actors of the Jenkins community.

> It is a day-long event (from 10h00 to 17h00) featuring presentations on the "State of Jenkins", Project/SIG updates, discussion on various key projects, "Ignite Talks", and demos.

Author: Sorry. I will not follow the time format change: the event is taking place in Europe and will be mostly attended by Europeans. And even the UK switched to 24h. All the FOSDEM time table is in 24h format.

Don't hesitate to reach out (see contact section) if you want to submit a presentation, a talk, or a demo.

== Key Dates:
* **Jenkins Contributor Summit:** Friday 2 February 2024
* **FOSDEM:** Saturday 3 and Sunday 4 February 2024

image:/images/post-images/2023/11/ContribSummit/Jenkins_at_fosdem.jpg[Figure 1,title="test title"]
The Jenkins booth at FOSDEM

== Location:

> * _Betacowork,_ located at _Rue des Pères Blancs 4, 1040 Brussels, Belgium_

Author: Note that the address is not formatted following te Belgian standards.

cfr https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Address#Belgium
"The street number is placed after the thoroughfare name (unlike in France), separated by a space."

(Easily accessible from downtown Brussels or the FOSDEM venue.)

== Entry Fee:

> * No cost to attend.
> * Registration will be required (room capacity: 30). 
> * Event is in-person only.
> * No catering is foreseen but food can be purchased in the neighborhood.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* There is no cost to attend.
* Registration will be required because there is a 30 person room capacity. 
* The FOSDEM event is in-person only.
* No catering is foreseen, but food can be purchased in the neighborhood.
```
Suggestion to add some syntax for grammar & punctuation

Author: It is not the FOSDEM event that is in person but the contributor summit

== Contact
* link:/sigs/advocacy-and-outreach/[SIG - Advocacy & Outreach]

> * Contact: Alyssa Tong, Bruno Verachten, Jean-Marc Meessen

Reviewer 2: Should these be clickable links to get in touch with folks, or is it more just listing the leaders?

Author: How to reach out to the contacts has not been settled yet. At this stage, I leave it like that
